Hyperopt should mention that a strategy is mandatory. (#3216)
freqtrade/freqtrade: docs/hyperopt.md

!!! Note
    Assuming the optional methods are not in your hyperopt file, please use `--strategy AweSomeStrategy` which contains these methods so hyperopt can use these methods instead.

!!! Note

>     You will always have to provide a strategy to Hyperopt even if it contains all methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You always have to provide a strategy to Hyperopt, even if your custom Hyperopt class contains all methods, including those that duplicate methods from the strategy.
```
or
```suggestion
    You always have to provide a strategy to Hyperopt, even if your custom Hyperopt class contains all methods.
```
